{\rtf1
{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\info{\title IRMA}{\author Peter Mackie}}
{\header\pard\qc{\b\fs25 HUMAN RESEARCH ETHICS COMMITTEE \par}
\pard\qc{\b\fs25 Application Form \par}}
{\footer\pard\qc\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp100\fs18 Page {\b\field{\*\fldinst PAGE}{\fldrslt 1}} of {\b\field{\*\fldinst NUMPAGES}{\fldrslt 1}} \par}
{\par\fs16\cf2 \b  \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs26\cf2\qc \b  \qc0 \b0 \cf0 \par}
\par\f0\fs22
\par\fs22\cf2 Created by: \b u6076893 \b0 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 Record number: \b 10196 \b0 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 Protocol type: \b Expedited Ethical Review (E1) \b0 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 Protocol number: \b 2018/503 \b0 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 Date entered: \b 14/07/2018 \b0 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 Ethics program type: \b Undergraduate \b0 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 Requested start date: \b 10/09/2018 \b0 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 Requested end date: \b 20/10/2018 \b0 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 Protocol title: \b An Arduino-based instrument for more intuitive expression of electronic music \b0 \cf0
{\par\fs16\cf2 \b  \b0 \cf0 \par}
\par\f0\fs22
{\pard\qc{\b\fs25 Investigators \par}}
{\trowd\trhdr\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw15\brdrs\cellx100\clbrdrl\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw15\brdrs \cellx2000\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw15\brdrs \cellx4000\clbrdrl\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs \cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql \i0\b0\par\cell\pard\intbl\ql\b Name \i0\b0\par\cell\pard\intbl\ql\b Role \i0\b0\par\cell\pard\intbl\ql\b Department \i0\b0\par\cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\trowd\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx100\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx2000\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx4000\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs\cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 Swift, Benjamin\cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 Supervisor\cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 Research School of Computer Science, College of Engineering and Computer Science, ANU\cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\trowd\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx100\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx2000\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx4000\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs\cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 Wang, Tina\cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 Primary investigator\cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 3A Institute, College of Engineering and Computer Science, ANU\cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\trowd\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx100\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx2000\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx4000\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs\cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\f1\fs18 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f1\fs18 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f1\fs18 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f1\fs18 \cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\par\fs16\cf2 \b  \b0 \cf0 \par}
\par\f0\fs22
\par\fs22\cf2   \cf0
{\pard\qc{\b\fs25 Investigators Detailed \par}}
\par\fs22\cf2\b Name:  \b0 Swift, Benjamin \b            Role:  \b0 Supervisor \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Expertise:  \b0 Currently an academic at the ANU, specialising in Human-Centred Computing and High-Performance Computing
\par
Leads the code/creativity/culture group at the ANU Research School of Computer Science
\par
Published multiple research papers
\par
Provided the idea for the interview-style methodology based on past experience with NIME-style research \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Name:  \b0 Wang, Tina \b            Role:  \b0 Primary investigator \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Expertise:  \b0 I have done research previously through the research course COMP2560, where I completed a report, presentation and poster
\par
I have experience writing research reports throughout the fields of Biology, Psychology
\par
I have undertaken many experiments requiring human input as part of 3 psychology courses. This gave me an understanding of the procedure required for briefing the participant, both spoken and in writing.
\par
My current research is a project for the research course COMP3770. The methodology is to build an electronic musical instrument and gather feedback from those with a musical background (most likely ANU students with over one year of musical training) \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
{\par\fs16\cf2 \b  \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs16\cf2 \b  \b0 \cf0 \par}
\par\f0\fs22
{\pard\qc{\b\fs25 External Investigators \par}}
{\trowd\trhdr\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw15\brdrs\cellx100\clbrdrl\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw15\brdrs \cellx2000\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw15\brdrs \cellx4000\clbrdrl\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs \cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql \i0\b0\par\cell\pard\intbl\ql\b Name \i0\b0\par\cell\pard\intbl\ql\b Role \i0\b0\par\cell\pard\intbl\ql\b Institution \i0\b0\par\cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\trowd\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx100\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx2000\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx4000\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs\cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\f1\fs18 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f1\fs18 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f1\fs18 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f1\fs18 \cell\pard\intbl\row}
\par\f0\fs22
{\pard\qc{\b\fs25 Departments \par}}
{\trowd\trhdr\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw15\brdrs\cellx100\clbrdrl\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw15\brdrs \cellx1000\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw15\brdrs \cellx5000\clbrdrl\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs \cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\b\ \ul0\i0\b0\par\cell\pard\intbl\ql\b\ Primary \i0\b0\par\cell\pard\intbl\ql\b\ Department \i0\b0\par\cell\pard\intbl\ql\b\ Faculty \i0\b0\par\cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\trowd\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx100\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx1000\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx5000\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs\cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 No\cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 3A Institute\cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 College of Engineering and Computer Science\cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\trowd\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx100\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx1000\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx5000\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs\cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 Yes\cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 Research School of Computer Science\cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 College of Engineering and Computer Science\cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\trowd\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx100\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx1000\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx5000\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs\cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\f1\fs18 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f1\fs18 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f1\fs18 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f1\fs18 \cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\par\fs16\cf2 \b  \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs16\cf2 \b  \b0 \cf0 \par}
\par\f0\fs22
\par\fs22\cf2   \cf0
{\pard\qc{\b\fs25 Project Questions Detailed \par}}
\par\fs22\cf2\b Description of Project \b0  \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Describe the research project in terms easily understood by a lay reader, using simple and non-technical language. \b0 My current research project is to build an electronic musical instrument and gather feedback on its performance from those with a musical background (ANU students with over one year of musical training). \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Location of Data Collection \b0  \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Australia \b0 Yes \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Overseas \b0 No \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Provide country / area where data collection will be conducted \b0 Canberra, Australia \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Aims of the Project \b0  \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b List the hypothesis and objectives of your research project. \b0 To create a musical instrument using the various features of existing open-source hardware (mostly Arduino)
\par
To explore different facets of digital musical expression and generation (e.g. gesture-based,
\par
I/O, other)
\par
To explore easier and more intuitive ways of creating electronic music \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Methodology \b0  \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b In language appropriate for a lay reader, explain why the methodological approach minimises the risk to participants. (For surveys, include justification of the sample size). \b0 The methodology entails an interview-style setting where each participant is given a demonstration of the instrument (most likely a prototype), time to experiment and attempt to play the instrument for themselves, and a series of questions concerning the instrument's performance. Most of these questions will be solely about the instrument and its features. The participant's opinion is of highest importance and no personal information is required to be divulged. \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Provide the survey method, a list of the questions to be asked or an indicative sample of questions. These should give a good sense of the most intrusive/sensitive areas of questioning. \b0 We plan to present the instrument, give instructions on how to play it as well as a demo, and then allow the participant (with music background) to play around with it on their own for a period of time (perhaps 10-15 minutes). Reactions and comments will be recorded, and they will then be asked a series of questions in an interview-style setting.
\par
The following indicative sample of questions will make use of both the Likert scale and open-ended responses (e.g. "Please answer on a scale from 1 to 5 and explain your reasoning"):
\par
1. How engaged did you feel when playing this instrument?
\par
2. How hard do you think this instrument is to play or learn? (This question may be asked again in relation to existing instruments, both electronic and non-electronic)
\par
3. Do you think this instrument can engage members of the audience? (Perhaps also in relation to other instruments)
\par
4. How much did you enjoy interacting with the instrument?
\par
5. How frustrated did you feel while interacting with the instrument?
\par
6. Were you able to create a wide variety of sounds?
\par
7. Could you/did you manage to discover any techniques while playing? \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b What mechanisms do the researchers intend to implement to monitor the conduct and progress of the research project? For example: 
\par
How often will the researcher be in touch with the supervisor?
\par
Is data collection going as expected? If not, what will the researcher do?
\par
Is the recruitment process effective?
\par
How will the researcher monitor participants willingness to continue participation in the research project, particularly when the research is ongoing? \b0 The researcher will have fortnightly meeting with supervisor and any extra communication over email as required
\par
Participation in this research project will be one-off, so no participant interest to continue is required \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Participants \b0  \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Provide details in relation to the potential participant pool, including: 
\par

\par
target participant group;
\par
identification of potential participants;
\par
initial contact method, and
\par
recruitment method. \b0 Target audience - ANU students with at least one year of musical background.
\par
Recruitment - On-campus advertising using posters
\par
Initial contact method can be using an email \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Proposed number of participants \b0 0 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Provide details as to why these participants have been chosen? \b0 As we are seeking to evaluate a musical instrument, some amount of musical background is required to give constructive feedback. Thus, we ask that participants must have at least one year's worth of musical background. \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Cultural and Social Considerations/Sensitivities \b0  \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b What cultural and/or social considerations/sensitivities are relevant to the participants in this research project? \b0 We will strive to consider the social or cultural needs of participants, however, there are unlikely to be any issues in this area. To cover for this unlikely case, participants will be told that they may leave the experiment at any time if they experience any discomfortable or distress. \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Incentives \b0  \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Will participants be paid or any incentives offered? If so, provide justification and details. \b0 No \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Benefits \b0  \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b What are the anticipated benefits of the research? \b0 We seek to gain a deeper understanding of the relationship between technology and music, and how we can make electronic music more intuitive to play and create. It can also help to bridge the divide between technology and the arts, or even technology and the general public, by showing that something as creative even music can be produced intuitively using electronics. \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b To whom will the benefits flow? \b0 Musicians, computer scientists and anyone who is interested in the intersection of creative expression and technology. \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Informed Consent \b0  \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Indicate how informed consent will be obtained from participants. At least one of the following boxes MUST be ticked 'Yes'. \b0  \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b In writing \b0 Yes \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Return of survey or questionnaire \b0 No \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Orally \b0 No \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Other \b0 No \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b If Oral Consent or Other, provide details. \b0  \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Confidentiality \b0  \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Describe the procedures that will be adopted to ensure confidentiality during the collection phase and in the publication of results. \b0 Identifying data will not be stored
\par
We will not discuss the data of other participants during the interview stage \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Data Storage Procedures \b0  \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Provide an overview of the data storage procedures for the research. Include security measures and duration of storage. \b0 Results will be stored on a password-protected computer and backed up on password-protected cloud storage for a period of 1 year
\par
Identifying data will not be stored \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Feedback \b0  \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Provide details of how the results of the research will be reported / disseminated, including the appropriate provision of results to participants. If appropriate, provide details of any planned debriefing of participants. \b0 The result of the research project will be reported in a research report submitted as an assessment piece for the course COMP3770.
\par
This report can be made available to participants ??
\par
The participants will be debriefed by telling them that their feedback is extremely valuable and will be taken into consideration as the musical instrument is evaluated and possibly developed further. \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Supporting Documentation \b0  \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Please ensure electronic copies of any supporting documentation have been uploaded the documents tab of the relevant protocol.
\par
 \b0  \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Has this work been approved by another Human Research Ethics Committee (HREC)? \b0 No \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b If yes, please give the name of the approving HREC. \b0  \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Funding \b0  \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Is this research supported by external funding? \b0 No \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Provide the name/s of the external sources of funding. Please include grant number/s if available. \b0  \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Is the research conducted under the terms of a contract of consultancy agreement between the ANU and the funding source? \b0 No \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2\b Describe all the contractual rights of the funding source that relate to the ethical consideration of the research. \b0  \cf0
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
\par \page
\par\f0\fs22
{\pard\qc{\b\fs25 High Risk One Summary \par}}
{\trowd\trhdr\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw15\brdrs\cellx100\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw15\brdrs \cellx8000\clbrdrl\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs \cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\b\ \ul0\i0\b0\par\cell\pard\intbl\ql\b\ Question \i0\b0\par\cell\pard\intbl\ql\b\ Answer \i0\b0\par\cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\trowd\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx100\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx8000\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs\cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 Is this a clinical trial?\cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 No\cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\trowd\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx100\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx8000\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs\cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 Does this research involve the intentional recruitment or issues involving Aboriginal and / or Torres Strait Islander Peoples?\cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 No\cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\trowd\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx100\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx8000\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs\cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\f1\fs18 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f1\fs18 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f1\fs18 \cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\par\fs16\cf2 \b  \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs16\cf2 \b  \b0 \cf0 \par}
\par\f0\fs22
{\pard\qc{\b\fs25 High Risk Two Summary \par}}
{\trowd\trhdr\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw15\brdrs\cellx100\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw15\brdrs \cellx8000\clbrdrl\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs \cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\b\ \ul0\i0\b0\par\cell\pard\intbl\ql\b\ Question \i0\b0\par\cell\pard\intbl\ql\b\ Answer \i0\b0\par\cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\trowd\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx100\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx8000\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs\cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 Does this research involve Human Genetics?\cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 No\cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\trowd\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx100\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx8000\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs\cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 Does this research involve Human Stem Cells?\cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 No\cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\trowd\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx100\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx8000\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs\cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 Does this research involve Women who are pregnant and the Human Foetus?\cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 No\cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\trowd\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx100\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx8000\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs\cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 Does the research involve people highly dependent on medical care who may be unable to give consent?\cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 No\cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\trowd\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx100\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx8000\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs\cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 Does the research involve people with a cognitive impairment, an intellectual disability or a mental illness?\cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 No\cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\trowd\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx100\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx8000\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs\cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 Does this research involve an intention to study or expose or is likely to discover illegal activity?\cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 No\cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\trowd\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx100\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx8000\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs\cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 Does this research involve human gametes (eggs or sperm)?\cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 No\cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\trowd\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx100\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx8000\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs\cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 Does this research involve excess ART embryos?\cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 No\cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\trowd\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx100\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx8000\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs\cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\f1\fs18 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f1\fs18 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f1\fs18 \cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\par\fs16\cf2 \b  \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs16\cf2 \b  \b0 \cf0 \par}
\par\f0\fs22
\par\fs22\cf2 \cf0
{\pard\qc{\b\fs25 Expedited Questions Summary \par}}
{\trowd\trhdr\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw15\brdrs\cellx100\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw15\brdrs \cellx8000\clbrdrl\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw15\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs \cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\b\ \ul0\i0\b0\par\cell\pard\intbl\ql\b\ Question \i0\b0\par\cell\pard\intbl\ql\b\ Answer \i0\b0\par\cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\trowd\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx100\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx8000\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs\cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 Third Party Identification\cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 No\cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\trowd\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx100\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx8000\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs\cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 Children or Young People\cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 No\cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\trowd\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx100\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx8000\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs\cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 Dependent or Unequal Relationship\cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 No\cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\trowd\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx100\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx8000\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs\cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 Membership of a Group, or Related Issues\cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 No\cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\trowd\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx100\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx8000\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs\cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 Physical Harm\cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 No\cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\trowd\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx100\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx8000\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs\cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 Psychological Harm (includes Devaluation of Personal Worth)\cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 No\cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\trowd\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx100\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx8000\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs\cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 Social Harm\cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 No\cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\trowd\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx100\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx8000\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs\cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 Economic Harm\cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 No\cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\trowd\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx100\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx8000\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs\cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 Legal Harm\cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 No\cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\trowd\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx100\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx8000\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs\cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 Covert Observation\cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 No\cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\trowd\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx100\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx8000\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs\cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 Deception\cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 No\cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\trowd\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx100\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx8000\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs\cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 Sensitive Personal Information\cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 No\cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\trowd\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx100\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx8000\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs\cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 Overseas Research\cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 No\cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\trowd\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx100\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx8000\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs\cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 Collection, use or disclosure of personal information WITHOUT the consent of the participant\cell\pard\intbl\ql\f0\fs22 No\cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\trowd\trgaph30\trleft0\trrh262\clcbpat1\clbrdrl\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx100\clcbpat3\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx8000\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw45\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw45\brdrs\cellx9000\pard\intbl\ql\f1\fs18 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f1\fs18 \cell\pard\intbl\ql\f1\fs18 \cell\pard\intbl\row}
{\par\fs16\cf2 \b  \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs16\cf2 \b  \b0 \cf0 \par}
\par \page
{\par\fs26\cf2\qc \b Supporting Documentation \qc0 \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs26\cf2\qc \b  \qc0 \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs22\cf2 \b Please ensure electronic copies of the supporting documentation have been uploaded into the documents tab of your protocol \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs22\cf2 \b  \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs22\cf2 \b These may include (please circle the relevant answer): \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs22\cf2 \b  \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs22\cf2 \b List of indicative questions		            		Y/N \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs22\cf2 \b Copy of questionnaire / survey				Y/N \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs22\cf2 \b Invitation or introductory letter/s				Y/N \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs22\cf2 \b Publicity material (posters etc.)				Y/N \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs22\cf2 \b Information sheet						Y/N \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs22\cf2 \b Consent form	            					Y/N \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs22\cf2 \b External approval documentation				Y/N \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs22\cf2 \b Research visa (if applicable)				Y/N \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs22\cf2 \b Other (specify below)					Y/N \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs22\cf2 \b  \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs22\cf2 \b For other, please specify: \b0 \cf0 \par}
\par \page
{\par\fs26\cf2\qc \b SIGNATURES AND UNDERTAKINGS \qc0 \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs26\cf2\qc \b  \qc0 \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs24\cf2 \b PROPOSER OF THE RESEARCH \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs24\cf2 \b  \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs22\cf2 \b I certify that all the persons listed in this protocol have been fully briefed on appropriate procedures and in particular that they have read and are familiar with the national guidelines issued by the National Health and Medical Research Council (the National Statement on Ethical Conduct in Human Research 2007). \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs22\cf2 \b  \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs22\cf2 \b I certify that the above is as accurate a description of my research proposal as possible and that the research will be conducted in accordance with the National Statement on Ethical Conduct in Human Research 2007. I also agree to adhere to the conditions of approval stipulated by the ANU Human Research Ethics Committee (HREC) and will cooperate with HREC monitoring requirements. I agree to notify the Committee in writing immediately of any significant departures from this protocol and will not continue the research if ethical approval is withdrawn and will comply with any special conditions required by the HREC. \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs22\cf2 \b  \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs22\cf2 \b Signed:.................................................                 	Date:................... \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs24\cf2 \b  \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs24\cf2 \b ANU SUPERVISOR \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs22\cf2 \b I certify that I shall provide appropriate supervision to the student to ensure that the project is undertaken in accordance with the undertakings above: \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs22\cf2 \b  \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs22\cf2 \b Signed:................................................. Date:................... \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs22\cf2 \b  \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs22\cf2 \b  \b0 \cf0 \par}
{\par\fs24\cf2 \b AS FROM MONDAY 21ST OCTOBER 2013 THE SIGNATURE OF THE HEAD OF ANU DEPARTMENT/GROUP/CENTRE IS NO LONGER REQUIRED. \b0 \cf0 \par}
}}
